we could make noises now don't be silly
diesel
everyone knows no one's around here can
make noises let alone talk hey wait a
minute
we can talk whoo this is great isn't it
Jeeves you bet and about time too I was
wondering if I was ever gonna get to
hear what we sounded like
Lyn's the name what's yours okay you so
maybe some voices we could do without
let's start laughing Arthur's in the
screen we can talk now
it sure is Thomas and remember how I
always had to borrow whistles in season
seven now I have my own isn't it superb
yes Arthur your whistle is very nice and
it suits you Darcy's a little bit here
do you think that sounds good my whistle
sounds better
this voice thing wouldn't be so bad if I
had a better voice I sound like a wit
don't worry diesel 10 Victor could have
you a new voice in no time yeah you
Sidley Stevie this is great James
now I can boast to you and Henry about
how great an express engine a Gordon
were already at this that's right
Oh No